Final Edits

Home Page
- Back picture loading thing, doesn’t seem to be working very well, prefer the original overlay. / Safari gives a lot of glitchs

Home page, main post Maybe we can have it snap down on blog posts etc like http://www.kitandace.com/thebook/

X Add white arrow at the bottom of the page mid, to show theres more to view? XXX Show posts under / 90% header height
X Lets bring that blog title to the middle of the picture & consistent boxing
X the black gradient seems a bit strong, can we soften that a lot
X Should that whole image be clickable? - yeah
X Shop button smaller, and longer box, e.g. graphic, and when hang over it enlages - wider strip instead of button
X everything that is clickable needs to show a roll over function, it needs to show visible it is ~~clickable~~
X the instagram on the blog? its butt ugly and still not @Suffoca
- Maybe we can add a simple subscribe button too, to that instagram section? — Instagram & Email Subscribe // 
X Blog post catorgoies text needs to be smaller https://www.dropbox.com/s/e9qdq3xztblxq29/Screenshot%202015-06-03%2013.02.28.png?dl=0



Blog Posts
X in posts, can we carry the boxing over to the post headers in the blog posts
X is it possible to have a sub header under the post name, like on the homepage top feature?
X 4 stack photos should leak to the edges - FULL BLEED
X is that line what my posts will look like if I quote them? maybe we can make it more on style, with a box or a grey background box quote like the hundreds keep scale as is
X Again at the bottom with the next post, can we carry that boxing text style through


Shop
X( on fire fox, theres a strange bit of text under the suffoca logo) Some times it disappears sometimes it doesn’t, says spring 2015 (delete)
X Look banner, only needs one text line with the box to keep the theme, the whole thing is clickable  which is great. (delete view button, add border)
X When that look book loads, it needs to be full page spread, you should be able exit it with the esc button, can we do that? - full bleed / esc


Product Select page
X Product name bolder - Higher if possible
X Price sitting slightly closer to description, lighter in colour and is that the right type face?
X Thinner add to cart button, like the length just thinner, to match the style of the Store button when that has more length (less vertical pad)
- can we stylise that size selection menu a bit? quite bg inside with great text - use existing style from current site.
X Not sure we really need a categories? product line isn’t going to be big, drops are going to be very selected, so we can scrap that bar (drop cat)
X the arrow slide buttons, bolder and a soft grey. 
X you know it has related products under,I think will scrap all that, I like the page being super clean. - I really love how simple this cart (screap related) system is, when you add a product https://www.cavempt.com/341-imitation-low-cap
^ maybe will have a small back box button in the left corner instead of that categories bar (back button)

Nav
X Exit x needs to be bolder
X Can we have it so you can exit using the ESC key?
- For now I think will scrap characters and story and make it (About) I shall follow up with the artwork for this, if we are still going for the idea of having it slide in to an about page and slide the other way for contact?



userId: 5000335
accessToken: 5000335.467ede5.f2f39714cc1d4a02aad4bddba9558579